- Date: 2021-04-12
- Previous meeting minutes:
- Meeting Lead(s): @cecivieira, @julianafalves, @kittylon
- Notetaker: @kittylon
- Current meeting attendees: @cecivieira, @julianafalves, @kittylon

### **Team Updates**

- Calendar: Nothing new
- Social media requests: Nothing new
- Email requests : Nothing new
- Blog updates : Nothing new
- Project board updates : Nothing new

### **Review Actions Items from Last Meeting**

| Title | Action Item | Owner | Relevant Links|
| ----- | ----------- | ----- | ------------- |
| How to enter and post on buffer |  | @cecivieira, @julianafalves, @kittylon | |
| Reshama's request | Post after at least 3 posts are released | @kittylon| |

### **New Business**

Social media posts

- [ ]  PyLatam @cecivieira
- [ ]  PyLadies auction @kittylon
- [ ]  Define status with GeoPython @julianafalves

---

### **Old Business: Follow up items from prior meeting:**

Nothing to add

### **Action Items and Assignees for Next Meeting**


| Title | Action Item | Owner | Relevant Links|
| ----- | ----------- | ----- | ------------- |
| Create translation resources | PyLadies Auction font, color palette and text | | |
| Share with the organizers the translation resources | Slack and Email for the ones who are not on slack | | |
| Investigate how organizers can ask for finnancial support| Post after at least 3 posts are released | | |

cc /Â **[@pyladies/communications](https://github.com/orgs/pyladies/teams/communications)**

